README.md, before:

# moodle.academy translations

Translate moodle.academy courses
* Into Bahasa Indonesia (ID)

File Formats
* id.csv (id represent Bahasa Indonesia) file for import/export
* id.po is the main translation file (GNU gettext PO) used by Weblate

Translation Results
| Course | Language | Progress |
| --- | --- | --- |
| [Course Creation Basics](https://moodle.academy/course/view.php?id=39) | [ID](https://github.com/oonid/moodle_academy_translations/blob/main/courses/39-course-creation-basics/id.csv) | :heavy_check_mark: |
| [Introduction to Moodle](https://moodle.academy/course/view.php?id=46) | [ID](https://github.com/oonid/moodle_academy_translations/blob/main/courses/46-introduction-to-moodle/id.csv) | :heavy_check_mark: |
| [Moodle Admin Basics program and certificate](https://moodle.academy/course/view.php?id=60) | [ID](https://github.com/oonid/moodle_academy_translations/blob/main/courses/60-moodle-admin-basics-program-and-certificate/id.csv) | :heavy_check_mark: |
| [Moodle Teaching Basics program and certificate](https://moodle.academy/course/view.php?id=57) | [ID](https://github.com/oonid/moodle_academy_translations/blob/main/courses/57-moodle-teaching-basics-program-and-certificate/id.csv) | :heavy_check_mark: |

TODO
* consider to use existing translate-toolkit compared than our own `convertpo.py`

Commit message:

update README completion table for course 15 are you ready for the mec?

README.md, after:

# moodle.academy translations

Translate moodle.academy courses
* Into Bahasa Indonesia (ID)

File Formats
* id.csv (id represent Bahasa Indonesia) file for import/export
* id.po is the main translation file (GNU gettext PO) used by Weblate

Translation Results
| Course | Language | Progress |
| --- | --- | --- |
| [Are you ready for the MEC?](https://moodle.academy/course/view.php?id=15) | [ID](https://github.com/oonid/moodle_academy_translations/blob/main/courses/15-are-you-ready-for-the-mec/id.csv) | :heavy_check_mark: |
| [Course Creation Basics](https://moodle.academy/course/view.php?id=39) | [ID](https://github.com/oonid/moodle_academy_translations/blob/main/courses/39-course-creation-basics/id.csv) | :heavy_check_mark: |
| [Introduction to Moodle](https://moodle.academy/course/view.php?id=46) | [ID](https://github.com/oonid/moodle_academy_translations/blob/main/courses/46-introduction-to-moodle/id.csv) | :heavy_check_mark: |
| [Moodle Admin Basics program and certificate](https://moodle.academy/course/view.php?id=60) | [ID](https://github.com/oonid/moodle_academy_translations/blob/main/courses/60-moodle-admin-basics-program-and-certificate/id.csv) | :heavy_check_mark: |
| [Moodle Teaching Basics program and certificate](https://moodle.academy/course/view.php?id=57) | [ID](https://github.com/oonid/moodle_academy_translations/blob/main/courses/57-moodle-teaching-basics-program-and-certificate/id.csv) | :heavy_check_mark: |

TODO
* consider to use existing translate-toolkit compared than our own `convertpo.py`
